[Soft rumbling]
♪♪
Virginia: Morgan?
Morgan!
♪♪
Where is my sister?
[Soil falling]
Put her on.
I want to hear her voice.
Morgan. Morgan!
Listen to me.
If you're thinking of
doing something stupid,
let me remind you...
[Echoing]
I haveall of your people.
♪♪
Morgan.
Morgan!
[Gun cocks]
[Insects chirping]Hill: Put it down.
I said put it down.
Unless you wanna
join him.
The hell's
going on here?
She took it off the body.
Something tells me it wasn't
for sentimental reasons.
I was giving you a chance
to pay your respects, June.
So you could look for
the person who did this.
Why?
Why what?
Why did your sister
kill my husband?
I saved your life,
Virginia.
Because of what you said about
her -- what she meant to you --
and that is the only reason
you are still breathing
and he isn't.
Answer me.
I don't know why
she did it.
♪♪
I think you do.
Ranger: Let's go!
Move it! Move it!
♪♪
-On the ground!
-Get down!
[Grunting]
♪♪
[Door closes]
Strand: That's good.
All lined up.
What is this,
Victor?
Just keep calm, and this
won't escalate any further.
How 'bout I escalate
my foot up your ass?
♪♪
[Gears shift,
engine shuts off, door opens]
Morgan's people.
Just like you asked.
You want the rest of them?Virginia: Nah.
We'll keep them as
insurance in case this
batch doesn't work out.
Where's John?
Grace: No...
How many more people
have to die because of you?!
You tell me.
Daniel: Wait! Don't!
-[Shouting]
-Daniel!
[Groans]
Daniel.
♪♪
Where's he been hiding out?
Where's who been hiding?
Who the hell do you think
I'm talking about?
Morgan Jones.
♪♪
Virginia: Well?
He couldn't-a been out there
all on his own.
♪♪
You know, old-timer?
[Breathing sharply]
♪♪
I don't know anything.
You are always saying that.
-Hey, hey.
-No, he doesn't know anything.
Get up.
♪♪
[Gun cocks]
You don't have to
know anything.
But somebody does.
Where is he?
♪♪
Where is Dakota? Huh?
What about you?
Oh, he must have
some hold over you.
♪♪
What is wrong with
people today, huh?
♪♪
Okay.
If that's how you want it.
[Walkie-talkie clicks]
[Breathes deeply]
Morgan, I know you're listenin'.
It's very important you hear
what I'm about to say.
You better bring Dakota
back to Lawton right now,
or some very bad things
are about to happen.
♪♪
[Groans]
You don't start talkin',
I am gonna blow Grace's
"glowing" brains out
in front of everybody here.
♪♪
You don't believe me?
Ask her yourself.
♪♪
You won't kill us.
Oh, yes, I will.
Without us,
you have nothing.
Oh. That was very stupid.
Very stupid thing to say.
[Gun cocks]No! Hey!
Sarah: No!
Luciana: No!
Come on!
No!
♪♪
[Whispering]
Hello, my sweet baby.
Shame. That baby was gonna be a
bright part of Lawton's future.
It's gonna be just fine.
Just you and me, baby.
I am so sorry.
Morgan: I'm right here!
[Horse neighs]
♪♪
Morgan.
Shoot me, and you'll never
see your sister again.
[Grace sobs]
Same goes if anything happens
to any of my friends.
This supposed to
scare me, Morgan?
Ridin' in here,
dolled up like Emile?
Well, you should be scared.Why's that?
'Cause it's over for you.
Everything you are,
everything you were,
everything you had
is gonna get stripped away.
And that's scary.
I know, because
it was over for me once.
Is it over, Morgan?
By my count, you've got one.
I got a bunch.
So how 'bout you tell me
where my sister is,
or I start
goin' down the line,
killing 'em
one by one!
You all need to hear
the truth about Virginia.
There ain't
nothing to tell!
'Cause she's a liar
and she is a hypocrite!
Right, right.'Cause she has rules, right?
That if anything threatens
this future she's building here,
she will destroy it!
Rules that kept y'all alive!That's her rule!
But she doesn't follow
her own rules!
[Hushed]
Oh, God damn it.
'Cause Janis didn't kill
Ranger Cameron.
It was Dakota.
And Virginia covered it up.Stop!
That's enough!
She framed Janis,
and then she murdered her.
And it ripped John apart...I told you there
was gonna be a day
when you'd be called
out to the big show....that he thought it was
his fault that Janis died.
This is it.
Start with the old man.
But the blame for all of this,
it lies squarely with her.Didn't I protect you?
Didn't I give you
a warm bed to sleep in?!
-John found out the truth...
-What about you, huh?
...about what she was doing
here, about the lie that
she has been feeding you...Didn't I save your kid, huh?
...and he paid for it
with his life!
Don't listen to him!
Shoot the old man, Victor!
Shoot the old man right now!
She sold you on her vision
of the future.
But there is no future
in this place with her.
Never was.
[Panting]
Victor. Please.
He's right. You follow her,
you'll end up dead like Cameron.
The hell are you doing?
Next time,
it'll be one of us.[Gun cocks]
It'll be you if you don't put
that goddamn gun down right now.
-No.
-The hell are you doing?!
You told me to get ready
for the big show.
I am.
And so are they.
You entrusted me
to build an army.
You should've been careful
about who I'd use it against.
♪♪
You tell me where
my sister is right now.
You're not calling
the shots anymore.
Strand: You're never
gonna see Dakota again.
Put her where
she put Janis.
Victor, no.
We can do this
the easy way...
or we can do this
the hard way.
It's your call, Virginia.
♪♪
Aah!
[Horse neighs]
Stand down! This is all
that has to happen.
Man: Don't do it.
Grace: Unh! Morgan!
Don't anybody move!
-Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa.
-Let her go!
Come any closer,
and I'll shoot!
Get on the horse!
Bring me Dakota!
Daniel. Daniel![Gunshot]
[Gunshot]
-Get down!
-Pick 'em off!
Everybody get down!
[Indistinct shouting
and gunfire]
♪♪
Lucy!
Lucy! Come here! Come.
Come. Come here.
[Gunfire]
[Indistinct shouting]
Once they lay him, we'll
hit them from the side!
[Gunfire]
[Grunts]
Aah!
[Gunfire continues]
♪♪
-Get...
-[Groans]
Get up! Get up!
Get in there! Go.
♪♪
There's too many
of 'em, Ginny!
Too many for now.
Take 'em to Southpaw.
Long as we have someone,
we still have leverage.
Ginny --
Go! Go!
[Engine starts]
[Gunfire continues]
[Bullets ricocheting]
♪♪
[Glass shatters]Ohh!
[Grunts]
Bring 'em back.
Call them back!
You kill me,
you kill Grace and Daniel.
Not to mention
that sweet little baby.
You know what to do,
Morgan.
Even if I say yes,
you wouldn't last long
enough to make it there.
Not on my own.
Strand:
Hand her over, Morgan!
No! She's got Grace!
And Daniel!
We've got rangers!
We'll find them!
No, they won't. You
better keep me alive
if you want 'em breathin'.
Don't do it, Morgan!
You don't want to regret this!
♪♪
Shit...
-[Groans]
-Morgan?!
Morgan!Get in, get in.
What the hell are you doing?!
Morgan!
We will find you, Morgan!
[Engine starts][Groans]
♪♪
[Gunshot]
[Squishing][Gasps]
Ohh! No! No!
Hang tight.
Careful. That's it.
[Groaning]
[Walkie-talkie clicks]
Call them.
Grace and Daniel.
Prove to me they're okay.
[Grunts]
And why should I?
Because
you're still alive.
I held up my end of the deal.
Now call 'em.
[Walkie-talkie clicks]Mountain.
Hill:
Southpaw. You okay?
Oh, I'm -- I'm fine.
Let Morgan hear 'em.
Grace: We're here, Morgan.
We're safe.
[Groans]
I'm in a water tower
close to Grit.
So you know where I am.
I'll check in soon.
Hill: Copy that, Virginia.
We're standing by.
[Beep]
[Groans]
I stopped the bleeding,
but the bullet's still in there.
You need medical attention,
otherwise it's gonna kill ya.
[Groans] Is this where
you've been living?
No.
Oh, it was for Grace.
Well, I took good care of her.
And the baby.
You should know that.That doesn't change anything.
Still wouldn't want that baby
growing up anywhere near you.
You want to kill me,
don't you?
Yeah, but I can't.
Not as long as you got
Daniel and Grace.
It don't look good
for you.
You survived
something worse?
I did, yeah.
But not for the reasons
you think.
And what's that mean?
Finally found out who saved me
that night at the Gulch.
Oh, yeah?
Yeah.
Who?
Your sister.
Oh, that is
some bullshit.
There is no way she could've
gotten all the way out there.
But she did. I think
there's a lot about that girl
that you don't know.Mm-hmm.
And why'd she save you?
'Cause of me?
Yeah. She thought
I'd be able to kill you.
And how do you
know that?
Is that her writing?
God, what did you do
to that child?
[Crying]
[Groans]
Oh, no.
Oh.
I gotta see her.
Then you release
Daniel and Grace.
You release 'em --No, no, no.
No, I'm sorry, Morgan,
but I gotta see her first.
That is not gonna happen.Morgan. No, no, please.
What I have to say,
it has to be said in person.
And what do you
have to say?
What? Don't lie to me.
You want me to take you to her.
You tell me what this is.
I can't, I can't, I can't.
♪♪
What is it?
[Breathing shakily]
♪♪
She --
She's not my sister.
[Groans and sobs]
She's my daughter.
She...
♪♪
[Groaning]
Is that the truth?
[Panting]
♪♪
I was young.
My parents were ashamed.
[Vehicle approaches]They --
They told --
[Vehicle approaches]
-Can you run?
-What?
I said can you run?
Are you kidding?
I don't know
why I'm askin'.
We don't have a choice.
Come with me.[Groans]
♪♪
Get in.
[Gunfire]
[Glass shatters]
♪♪
[Virginia groans]
Oh, God damn it.
[Groans]
You're okay, right?
Oh, I'm aces.
♪♪
Who the hell are they?
People who weren't good enough
for your settlement.
♪♪
[Engine sputtering]
Musta hit the fuel
tank. She ain't gonna
take us much further.
Shit.
♪♪
[Groans]
-Can you run?
-Is that a question this time?
[Groans]
Ooh.
-Come on. Let's go!
-Oh!
Rollie: Over there!
She went over there!
-Move out! Go, go!
-Fan out!
-Go, go, go!
-We'll find her.
-[Virginia groaning]
-Spread out! Find her!
We can't outrun them.
We should pick 'em off.
No, there's
too many of 'em.
Only way we live is to get
distance between them and us.
[Gunfire]Aah!
Morgan: Take -- Take cover!
I'll draw 'em away!
[Gunfire]
Man:
Spread out! This way!
[Virginia gasping]
♪♪
[Grunts]
[Groaning]
♪♪
[Walker growling]
[Gasps] No.
If you're gonna kill me...
at least let me
see your face.
-Don't!
-What the hell, Morgan?!
Listen, if she dies, people
I care about will die, too.
I am done
waiting for you!
♪♪
I don't know you. You're not
from one of my franchises.
But I know you.
Unh!
Aah!
I told you...
people will die!
You're just as bad
as she is, Morgan.
What did you say to me?
You're just as bad
as she is.
Pretending you're
helping people...
when all you're doing
is hurting them.
The time will come when she
will get what she deserves,
but that time is not now.
Man: Sherry?!We need to move.
[Grunting]
Let's go. Let's go.
♪♪
[Virginia screaming]
We need to keep going.
[Groaning]
You told the truth, right?
About Dakota?
[Stammers]
Why would I lie?
So that I would
take you to her.
Because you saw Al's movie
and you know I got a son.
I would not lie about
something like that.
Right.
I need to see her.
Where you taking me?
Someplace I'm building.
How'd you find it?
I didn't. Isaac did.
Isaac?
Yeah. He was
one of your rangers.
[Sighs]
Everyone's turning
on me today.
Is Dakota there?
Is she with him?
Isaac died.
His wife, Rachel --
she's there.
Just wait. Just wait.
Just let us go away together.
And we'll find someplace
that is so far away from here,
you won't ever
see us again.
Please.
What makes you think she's gonna
want to go anyplace with you?
No, you're just saying that.
-Come on.
-Unh. You're just saying that.
That means you can kill me
without another thought.
You took 'em away from me,
Virginia, all of 'em.
You shot me.
Left me for dead.
Sent a killer
to chop my head off.
And then your daughter killed
one of the last friends
I had in this world, so, yeah,
I'd kill you if I could!
[Whimpers]
I'd like to do exactly
what Dakota wants me to do.
But I will not let that be
the reason why I survived.
You should've finished me off
at the Gulch
when you had the chance.Yeah, I should've.
Well, so, why didn't you?
Huh?
[Shouts]
Why didn't you?!'Cause there's some
little part of you,
the part that's willing
to risk everything for just
one person, that reminds me
of what I'm doing for my k--
No, you and me
are not the same.
[Sighs] Morgan.
We're allthe same.
Let's just go, huh?
You havebeen busy.
♪♪
Yeah. Oh, we have.
[Grunts]
Why would you
bring her here?
Man: What the hell
are you doing, Morgan?
I saw your bodies.
You turned.
Shoulda looked harder.
I couldn't raise you on the
walkies. It was too risky.
She lost Lawton, but
she's got Daniel and Grace.
I had to agree to swap Dakota
to get 'em back.
Alicia, get her sister.
It's the only way
to save 'em.
♪♪
That is us
keeping up our end.
Time's coming soon
for you to keep up yours.
[Door clangs]
[Indistinct shouting]
♪♪
Reminds me of my grandparents'
farm outside Temple.
We're not here to reminisce.
This way.
♪♪
[Indistinct conversations]
[Chickens clucking]
♪♪
What are you calling
this place?
Doesn't have a name yet.
Rachel.
Who's this?
She shouldn't be here!
Isaac wouldn't have
wanted it.
Rachel,
she's not stayin'.
[Baby fusses]
Where's Dakota?
Church.
-Can I talk to her now?
-Yeah.
Hey, Morgan.
Strand's here.
And he brought company.
Here.
[Groans]
-How many?
-I don't know.
At least a dozen.
Mostly rangers
on the high ground.
We know she's in there!
I've got a lot of
people out here who have
grievances with her.
And we're not the only ones.
[Engine rumbling]
[Brakes hiss]
[Indistinct shouting]
♪♪
-Scratch that.
-Damn it.
The MRAP's here, too.
♪♪
-Woman: Where is she?
-Man: Don't be stupid!
-We want to see her!
-Let's go!
We want justice!
-Come on!
-You're surrounded!
-Virginia!
-Where's Virginia?
-[Whistles]
-Come out!
Al: We've got some itchy
trigger fingers out here.
What's our move?
What do they want
with her?
What do you want with her,
Victor?
Simple. Justice.
Strand:
The genuine article.
Not the twisted version
she's been doling out.
We're not turning her over.
We will never get Grace
and Daniel back if we do.
♪♪
Ask Strand what happens
if we don't turn her over.
And if we don't?
♪♪
We'll takeher.
Al: You hear that?
I think he means it.
He'll never get through
those walls.
Yeah, but people
will still get hurt.
Okay?
Sh-- Sherry's out there.
-Yeah.
-I can talk to Strand.
Will he listen?
No, but I promised him
I'd try.
Okay.
Wait a second. Wait a second.
You're right.
I know most of those
men and women out there.
Even if they can't get through
those walls,
they'll do everything they can
to destroy what's inside.
You have
a better suggestion?
Yeah, I do.
♪♪
I want to change our deal.
Change it to what?
I will go out there.
I'll let you keep this place
what it is.
Wanting what in return?
Dakota gets to live here.
Now she gets
a second chance.
What she did to John,
that was not her fault.
It was mine.
They'll kill you.
Strand and the rangers.
I-If they don't,
Sherry will, for sure.
♪♪
I thought she might've
needed me, but...
Maybe this
is what she needs.
♪♪
Morgan:
Talk to her first.
No, you can't
make me do that.
It'll just be easier this way.
I'll just go.
But there's one more thing,
Morgan.
Oh, there is?
And what's that?
I am willin' to die. I am.
But it looks like
they wanna twist the knife.
Make me feel it.
I don't wanna
give them that.
What are you asking for,
Virginia?
I can release Grace
and Daniel right now.
I can make sure no one else
gets hurt on my watch...
if you do the honors.
You said you couldn't let the
reason you survived all this
be just to kill me.
You kill me,
this fight ends.
You secure the future
of this place.
♪♪
Here.
Make the call.
♪♪
[Door creaks]
[Horse whinnies]
♪♪
Before I die...
...I want y'all to know...
everything I did,
I did to keep you all alive.
Ha!
Just like I'm doing now,
by takin' my medicine.
As long as Morgan here
is serving it up.
Perhaps you
misunderstood.
We wanted you to
hand her over to us
so wecould get
the satisfaction.
She's let Grace
and Daniel go.
Said she would
if I did this.
-Morgan --
-Just gotta let me.
♪♪
Here.
Man: Come on!
♪♪
[Groans]
[Morgan breathes deeply]
♪♪
[Grunts]
-[Morgan grunts]
-Oh, God! Come on.
Come on.
Don't -- Don't get
cold feet now! Come on.
Come on.
The things you did,
you said you were doin' 'em
for the future of your kid.
What the hell are we
trying to do here?
What the hell
are we doing here?!
What the hell are you doing?!
Hurry up, God damn it!
Let's go! Come on!
Come on! You can do it!
They want you to do it!I know what they
want me to do!
Let's go! Let's go!
[Crying] Please. Please.
You wanna do it.
The future I'm trying to build,
if we start like this,
then we are no better
than you!
We are no better than her!
Enough!
It's not enough!
This isn't enough.
This?
It's just the end of it.
There's no satisfaction here.
You want satisfaction, Victor?!
Then we should twist the knife!
We should --
We should make her
feel it!
[Guns cocking]
She should tell the truth!
You're gonna tell the truth.What?
What are you doing, Morgan?
Come on.
Just back up.
♪♪
[Door closes]
[Lock clicks]
♪♪
Why is she here?!
Al: They're getting restless,
Morgan.
Strand says
if you don't hand her over,
they're coming in
and taking her themselves.
They finally
turned on you.
She has something
she needs to tell you.
Why didn't you kill her?
Morgan.
Take a minute.
I stuck my neck out for you
so you could be here.
You try anything --
I mean anything --
you won't get
another chance.
[Lock clicks]
Everything that I did,
I did to get away from you.
And now you're here.
I know
what you think of me.
But I just need you to know
that everything I did I --
No, I-I -- I don't want
to hear your voice.
I don't even
want to see you!
I just wanted to give you
a normal life, Dakota.
Then why didn't you treat me
like you actually cared?
Why?
I don't know.
Why?!
[Breathing shakily]
I don't know, I don't know.
I just didn't know how.
Virginia, you killed
our parents.
They weren't your p--
You murdered them!
[Sobbing]
Give me a second.
Give me a second, please.
They weren't
your parents, Dakota.
And I'm not your sister.
I'm your mother.
[Sobbing]
No.
No. Now, you gotta
listen to me, all right?
None of this
was your fault.
No.
The way you came into this
world, your grandparents,
they did not protect you,
they -- they did not protect me.
I had to get you
out of there.
So you're saying...
you're saying that
you killed them for me?
That you did
all of this for me?
Everything I have done,
everything I've built...
was so that nothing
like what happened to me
would ever happen to you.
Then why didn't you
tell me?
I thought not knowing
would protect you.
The same way I thought
Lawton would.
The ugliness of this world,
I tried to turn you
away from it,
to give you
a different world to see.
But what that took,
that was ugly.
I just saw it as work,
as what I had to do.
I've always loved you.
No.
I have always loved you,
and I think I've found a way
to give you a second chance
that you deserve
in the place you deserve.
But you have to want it.
You're gonna have to work
for it. Do you hear me?
What does it even matter?What does what matter?
I killed people.
You killed people.
Why did you even bring me
into this world?!
No, don't say that.
I should have never
been alive!
Don't you dare say that!None of us should.
Don't say that, please!Stop! Just stop!
[Chains rattle]
♪♪
What's going on, Victor?
You remember.
[Chuckles] That's a conversation
for another day.
Where's everyone else?
Where is she, Morgan?
She is inside.
And she's still alive.
You know, John...
he said something to me
the last time I saw him.
He said that "the ground we
stand on is soaked in blood,"
and he was right.
There has been so much killing
to get us here.
To get us to win.
And we have won, right?
But John just wanted
the killing to stop.
And I want it to stop.
Don't you?
Want it to just stop?
I figure we should start that
by having her live.
By making her live
with what she's done.
♪♪
That stays there
until we need it again,
and I pray to God
that we don't.
That is not
your call to make.
-Hey --
-No, t-this isn't good enough.
These people suffered
because of her!
-Okay.
-Bring her back out here now!
Hey. Hey. Hey!
Calm down.
Virginia's caused
enough damage.
Let's not allow our disagreement
over her to cause any more.
♪♪
I really hope you know
what you're doing, Morgan.
♪♪
Anybody who's ready to abide
by the rules and the foundations
that we are laying down here,
you are more than welcome
to stay!
I asked you to live before.
To just live.
I hope today's the day
when we can start doing that.
And do it here.
♪♪
Hey, Sarah.Mo-mo.
Hey, Rabbi.
♪♪
[Chuckles]
Hey.
You all right?[Exhales shakily]
♪♪
I am so sorry.
Why?
For taking
as long as I did.
You don't have to
apologize.
I wouldn't be here if you hadn't
fought the way you did for me.
He wouldn't be here.
"He"?
It's a boy...
I don't know for sure.
I just...have a feeling.
♪♪
Come on.
Ohh.
[Chuckles]You don't like it?
Well, you may have had to do
some things you didn't want to.
[Chuckles]
But what you did
up there...
♪♪
...you're still
the same man I knew.
♪♪
I don't know, Grace.
[Chuckles]
♪♪
It was one of John's.
He wrote it for you
when he thought he wasn't
gonna see you again.
And...well, I-I thought
you should have it.
♪♪
Honey.
Go on.
Hey.
Why aren't you coming
inside with me?
Because...
I'm not gonna find what
I'm looking for in there.
Well, w-what?!
What are you looking for?
You were right.
I -- I had a shot
at killing Ginny,
and it didn't feel like
I thought it would.
It didn't feel like -- like I
was putting the past behind me.
Because you weren't.
[Chuckles]
In there --
In there, you can start to.
I didn't feel like I was
putting the past behind me...
but it felt like a start.
Okay?Okay.
I can't go in there, D.
Come on.No, I'm not where you are.
And I -- [Sighs]
I think I'm gonna find it with
them before I find it with you.
Okay.
♪♪
[MRAP door opens and closes,
engine starts]
♪♪
Where are you going?
This place --
it's not for me.
You asked me to make sure
I didn't forget who I am.
I'm asking you to do the same.I know.
But what's coming, what Virginia
was building this army for --
it's still out there.
You can't stay in there
pretending that it's not.That's not what we're doing.
Then come with me.
Whatever's coming,
we can face it together.
I wantedus to do this together.
You made it clear you didn't.
[Stammers]
Why should I
believe you now?
You don't have to.
I'll show you.
I'll give you a reason
to come and join me.
♪♪
[Sighs]
[Dog sniffing]
Ugh!
[Breathes sharply]
The bullet's out.
June.
You're back.
You rest up a few more days,
you'll be fine to go.
[Chains rattle]
[Groans]
That's the second time now
you saved my life.
[Sighs] Thank you.
We all had a talk,
and we're gonna let you do
what you asked
to do before --
you're gonna take Dakota
and leave.
She doesn't need this place.
She needs you.
But if either of you
show your face again --
Oh, no, I get it.
We're gone.
You follow the riverbed, there's
a pass through the mountains.
That's how you get out of here
without your rangers
finding you.
Thank you.
We're not doing it for you.
We're doing it for her.
We'll get Dakota.
I'm gonna change
her dressing.
[Knock on door, door opens]
You shouldn't give a lick
what I have to say, but...
I reckon I owe you
any number of apologies.
This has nothing
to do with you.
Follows me wherever I go.
Like some kind of
punishment for my past.
I had a daughter.
Her name was Rose.
She was sick.
I tried to protect her.
I ended up getting every
survivor in my camp killed.
So of course the love of my life
was killed by someone's daughter
they were
"trying to protect."
In a way, this is
exactly what I deserve.
Well, you were just trying
to protect your kid.
Just like I was.
♪♪
Did you know?
Back at Lawton,
with Cameron?
Did you know what Dakota
was capable of before?
Did you protect her
anyway?
I would do anything
for my daughter, June.
♪♪
This is the gun
Dakota killed John with.
[Exhales shakily]
♪♪
[Gun cocks]
I didn't protect my daughter
after she killed someone.
I asked you
a question before.
-June --
-Why did Dakota kill my husband?
You said you didn't know.No, no.
That wasn't true.
It wasyou, Virginia.
You're the reason.
June --
You always were.
No. Wait![Gunshot]
♪♪
June, what happened?
You okay?
Dakota: No. No...
♪♪
June!
[Door creaks]
♪♪